Before arresting him
Lord Enchantress calm down
Night Wind is just a commoner
Don't know anything.
Lord Qianshang is famous
If there's any crime, it's all my fault
So many people here
What did his surname Ye just say?
We're all listening.
That is, we are all watching
What he gave to Madam Shangguan just now was a counterfeit
It was publicly exposed
You still have to say that you are kissing the deity
Lord Enchantress is here now
Why are you so scared that you dare not speak?
And now you're standing up for him?
Impersonating Lord Qianshang is a capital offense
As far as I know
The last time I will be kicked out of the big summer
Lord Enchantress
Ye Fang is just the lowest class of civilians
He doesn't know anything.
If he is guilty of any crime
It's all my fault for not mentioning him
I would.
I am willing to bear all his crimes
Miss Shangguan is serious
Shangguan Linglong
I suggest you still die with this heart
If everyone makes a mistake, someone will take the blame
What other threats are there in that big decree?
Lord Enchantress
You are fair and rigorous
So many people watching
Can't you think about it?
Of course I know you don't need to talk too much
Go to the temple first, the guards are going to enter
See Lord